DIY : DIY
Chemistry : 化学
Drinks : 饮品
Farming : 农耕
Husbandry : 畜牧
Butchery : 宰杀
Raw Materials : 原料
Tools : 工具
Furniture : 家俱
Meat-Based Dishes : 荤菜
Preserves : 果酱
Plant-Based Dishes : 素材
There isn't room in my bag for that. : 我的包真的挤不下了。
Fire needs to be fed, friend. I'd better put some wood in the woodstore beside the fireplace. : 火苗需要喂养，才能壮大。我最好在壁炉旁的储木筐里，放一些木料。
One at a time, please, says the cooking pot. : Translation Here
There's no room in there for anything else. : 此处没有地方了。
I'm too exhausted to keep working. : 我很疲劳了，没精力继续工作。
If I sleep now I'll wake up a desiccated mummy, and that's the worst kind of mummy. : 如果现在睡觉，我想我们会制造一具干枯的木乃伊——那是最糟糕的木乃伊。
If I sleep now my stomach will starve to death...wait a minute... : 我都饿成这样了，如果现在上床，估计再也爬不下来了……唉，还是先想想办法吧。
I'm starving... : 饿死我了……
I'm dying of thirst, I need to drink something. Immediately. Better yet, a little while ago. : 我太渴了，我需要喝点什么，立刻——当然，更好的是：不久前。
I don't feel good... : 我感觉不太好……
I'm dying! Argh! Beurg! Gah! : 我要死啦！啊！贝格！嗷！
Ah! It's broken. My kingdom for a workbench and a sharpening stone : 哦它坏了！我们需要一个工作台和一块磨刀石，方可维护它。
Come on, Léon. Hoe first, then plant. You got this. : 嘿，里昂，先锄地、再种植，你明白的。
Just pouring water on the ground probably isn't a good idea, all things considered... : 嘿！想清楚再做，仅仅是将水随意泼洒，这算不上一个好主意。
I need to save fertlizer for ground I've prepared with the hoe. : Translation Here
My energy is better spent elsewhere. : 我的精力最好用在其他地方。
There's something in the way. : 路上有什么东西。
I can't swallow anymore... : 实在是吃不下了
There is not enough fuel. : 燃料不够。
Chicken : 鸡
What a fine, fat chicken. I can see it now: Léon's Green Fried Chicken. Maybe it's the radiation, but it would seem I don't need a rooster for them to reproduce. Poor roosters, nothing to do now, nobody wants them... : Translation Here
Egg : Translation Here
I'm going to be a father! Wait. That doesn't sound right. I'm just going to leave this here and see if it hatches... : Translation Here
Chick : Translation Here
You're not going to eat it are you?!? : Translation Here
Rat : Translation Here
Rats are pretty cute when you're not hungry. Two rats and we'll have rat babies. Say that three times fast. Rat babies, bat rabies, rab scabies... : Translation Here
Axe : 斧子
Probably good for chopping wood and stuff. You know, like an...axe. : 有些工具很适合切碎木材和物品，你知道的，就像是……斧子。
Hoe : Translation Here
Use this to prepare the ground for planting. : Translation Here
Compost : Translation Here
A little of this on plain old ground and voilá! Fertile earth! : Translation Here
Flask : Translation Here
Things are looking up, Léon. I bet I can fill this at the water collector. : Translation Here
Sleeveless T-shirt : Translation Here
Like a white trash bag with holes for arms...or not. : Translation Here
Jeans : 牛仔裤
I read once the first jeans were made from tent fabric. Those must have been some small tents. Or some small people. : Translation Here
Pickaxe : Translation Here
A special axe just for rocks? Everybody's got to be special these days. It also allows you to dig an irrigation hole. : Translation Here
Scythe : Translation Here
Perfect for cutting grass. Note to self: do not use on hair. Again. : Translation Here
Work Boots : Translation Here
Nice and sturdy. And there are even two of them! : Translation Here
TShirt : Translation Here
For the modest wife beater. : Translation Here
Watering Can : Translation Here
See those little holes? That's where the water comes from. : Translation Here
Wheat : Translation Here
From here to bread is only a month's worth of work. : Translation Here
Beans : Translation Here
Beans, beans, good for the heart... : Translation Here
Corn : 玉米
Ahh, for a jug of butter and a good French film. At least the rats love it. : 啊哈，我们还需要一罐黄油和一部精妙的法国电影……好吧，至少老鼠会喜欢它。
Gas Mask : Translation Here
Holds 100 Units : Translation Here
Turnip : Translation Here
This is more like dieting than I'm comfortable with. : Translation Here
Canned Peaches : Translation Here
That's what it's claiming to be anyway. We shall see, little can. We shall see. : Translation Here
Flower Tree Seed : Translation Here
At least I won't have to water these. And I bet all kinds of bugs will be attracted to them. Chocolate covered crickets, anyone? No? Just me? : Translation Here
Maple Seed : Translation Here
Plant it, then sit back and watch the world turn green. And--bonus--no watering necessary! : Translation Here
Elm Seed : 榆树种子
Plant it then sit back and watch the world turn green. And--bonus--no watering! : 种植、等待，这世界因此多出一抹绿色。（无需浇水！）
Wheat Seed : Translation Here
Wheat Seed : Translation Here
Cypress Seed : Translation Here
Plant it then sit back and watch the world turn green. And--bonus--no watering! : Translation Here
Bean Seed : Translation Here
If you like beans, you'll love these seeds! They'll come in handy when making chicken food, too. : Translation Here
Corn Seed : 玉米种子
Not the popping kind, unfortunately, but the rats don't complain. : 可惜这还不是爆米花，不过至少老鼠不会抱怨。
Turnip Seed : Translation Here
Turn over some ground for turnip-time. Great for people and pigs. : Translation Here
Thyme Seed : Translation Here
Thyme Seed : Translation Here
Tomato Seed : Translation Here
lant them and get, wait for it, tomatoes! : Translation Here
Thyme : Translation Here
Purifying and detoxifying, these weedy plants will keep you healthy. : Translation Here
Tomato : Translation Here
A nice, juicy tomato. : Translation Here
Plastic Bottle : Translation Here
Holds up to 100 units of water. Can be refilled at a water collector. : Translation Here
Wooden Chest : Translation Here
For all your basic storage needs. : Translation Here
Composter : Translation Here
Place outside and add organic waste to get compost. : Translation Here
Bed : Translation Here
A place to sleep. Useful for treating insomnia. : Translation Here
Water Collector : Translation Here
Place outside and watch it fill with rain water. No work necessary, just the way I like it. : Translation Here
Small Water Collector : Translation Here
A barrel that stores rainwater. : Translation Here
Lethal Trap : Translation Here
Place outside and kill some little animals. Mmm...rat-kabobs anyone? : Translation Here
Non-Lethal Trap : Translation Here
Use to catch critters for captivity, because animals are tasty. And cute. But mostly tasty. : Translation Here
Seed Sorter : Translation Here
Dump in fruit or veg and get yourself some seeds. : Translation Here
Wooden Fence : Translation Here
Like chain link, but without the links. : Translation Here
Wooden Gate : Translation Here
Your basic wooden gate. For going into and out of pastures. : Translation Here
Branch : Translation Here
Branch in tree wood. : Translation Here
Raw wood : 原木
A plain old log. Slap 'em in the woodstore beside the fireplace for cooking fuel. : 朴素的木头。将它扔进壁炉，在噼啪声中化作烹饪美食的燃料。
Espresso : Translation Here
Coffee as bitter as my mother-in-law. This stuff will keep you awake at night. Just like your fears. : Translation Here
Rope : Translation Here
Can be used for many purposes, I learned recently that it has found its utility for the last occupant... : Translation Here
Total curative : Translation Here
Kills germs, not weeds. : Translation Here
Detoxinator 1000 : Translation Here
Detox-Be-Gone. Where it goes, nobody knows. : Translation Here
Scrap Metal : Translation Here
Iron : Translation Here
Wire : Translation Here
I'm thinking 'chair.' But I could be wrong... : Translation Here
Revivelizer : Translation Here
Brings dead plants back to the land of the living, which, let's be honest, is where the fun is. : Translation Here
Inert Flower Tree Seed : Translation Here
These are d-e-a-d dead. Maybe I could revive them in the lab. : Translation Here
Metal Grid : Translation Here
A whole mesh of metal. : Translation Here
Fresh Grass : Translation Here
Ahh, the green, green grass of home. No GMO's here, baby. : Translation Here
Hay : Translation Here
Like grass, but dead. And dry. : Translation Here
Mattress : Translation Here
A nice, cozy mattress crawling with bugs for when you're too knackered to care. : Translation Here
Stone : 石块
Like a pebble, but larger. : Translation Here
Plank : Translation Here
For building not surfing. Remember surfing? Ha! Remember oceans? : Translation Here
Spring : Translation Here
Also called a spiral wire. Or not. : Translation Here
Dead revival : Translation Here
Of what to wake you even if you are not dead. : Translation Here
Cloth : Translation Here
A simple piece of old fabric. : Translation Here
Box of nails : Translation Here
Watch out, fingers! : Translation Here
Machete : Translation Here
For hacking stuff up. : Translation Here
Metal File : Translation Here
Takes what's rough and makes it smooth. Like my moves. : Translation Here
Hammer : Translation Here
To sink nails with dexterity or smash fingers with clumsiness. : Translation Here
Mortar and Pestle : Translation Here
Useful for chemistry and for cooking. : Translation Here
Wood Saw : Translation Here
A saw for sawing wood. It's s'awsome! : Translation Here
Aloe Vera : Translation Here
It contains a lot of water, a little bit toxic but very useful in case of lack of boiled water... : Translation Here
Glass Jar : Translation Here
For a bug, a bee, a firelfly or chemistry. Léon, you're a poet! : Translation Here
Chemical Blessing : Translation Here
Wow! God bless Mendeleïev! : Translation Here
Chamomile : Translation Here
If sleepy time is what you need, chamomile's got your back. Note to self: much better in tea form. : Translation Here
Edible Mushroom : Translation Here
What did we learn in scouts? Tall and tan, safe for man. Short and brown, will take you down. Red with spots, touch not.  : Translation Here
Cooked Edible Mushrooms : Translation Here
At least it's healthy, right? : Translation Here
Cooked Mutagenic Mushroom : Translation Here
Even cooked, it's inedible... : Translation Here
Mutagenic Mushroom : Translation Here
I have always dreamt of a frog-dog... : Translation Here
Soporific Mushroom : Translation Here
Taller? No! More tired? Yes! : Translation Here
Cooked Soporific Mushroom : Translation Here
More bearable when baked but still indigestible. Kind of like life. : Translation Here
Toxic Mushroom : Translation Here
Maybe I can figure out a use for this in the lab. : Translation Here
Cooked Toxic Mushroom : Translation Here
Fantastic. Still toxic, even after cooking. : Translation Here
Revivelizer : Translation Here
Brings dead plants back to the land of the living, which, let's be honest, is where the fun is. : Translation Here
Roasted Coffee Bean : Translation Here
Will keep you going long after you should have stopped to rest. : Translation Here
Green Coffee Bean : Translation Here
Must be roasted before brewing. : Translation Here
Five-Bean Soup : Translation Here
Better tasting and less toxic. Win-win. : Translation Here
Boiled Corn : Translation Here
Definitely better without the toxins! : Translation Here
Stewed Turnips : Translation Here
Cooked for me, raw for the pigs. What? I'm going to cook for a pig? : Translation Here
Fried Egg : Translation Here
Better cook it before it hatches into a chick so cute I can't bear to eat it. Who am I kidding? I'll eat anything, cute, not-so-cute, or downright ugly. : Translation Here
Organic Waste : Translation Here
Good old rotten stuff for the composter. : Translation Here
Nettles : Translation Here
You could eat it raw--if you like hives in your throat. Much more nourishing in soup form. Then again, what isn't? : Translation Here
Boiled Nettles : Translation Here
Good for you, but tastes like grass if grass were in a bad mood. : Translation Here
Dandelion : Translation Here
Can be eaten raw or cooked. Ugh. This is what it's come to, Léon. Eating weeds. : Translation Here
Cooked Dandelion : Translation Here
Edible. Barely. : Translation Here
Chocolate Bar : Translation Here
Oh my god, chocolate. Humans did one thing right, at least. : Translation Here
Plucked Chicken : Translation Here
Imagine a chicken, then imagine a chicken after you've yanked out all its feathers. : Translation Here
Dead Chicken : Translation Here
Quite dead, but still with feathers, guts, beak and feet. You know, all those things you don't want to eat. : Translation Here
Roast Chicken : Translation Here
When you're starving, it looks quite delicious. : Translation Here
Vegetarian Stew : Translation Here
Ratless but not tasteless! : Translation Here
Butchered Rat : Translation Here
Chop off the tail, slice off the ears, and it almost looks like a tiny little chicken. : Translation Here
Dead Rat : Translation Here
Totally dead. Not even breathing. : Translation Here
Roast Rat : Translation Here
Roasted rat. How did it come to this? : Translation Here
Military Ration : Translation Here
Your basic MRE: Meals Rejected by Everyone. At least it isn't infected by the toxins. : Translation Here
Cooked Wild Greens : Translation Here
Almost certainly good for you. Most definitely not good tasting. : Translation Here
Cup of Coffee : Translation Here
A hot, invigorating cup of coffee. : Translation Here
Thyme Tea : Translation Here
Purifies by cleaning out the toxins (and anything else you've eaten recently...). : Translation Here
Water Collector Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the farming section of the workbench. : Translation Here
Chamomile Tea : Translation Here
Chamomile Tea for Comfy Sleep! I should have worked in advertising. : Translation Here
Boiled Tomato : Translation Here
Better than dandelion, I'll say that. : Translation Here
Clay : 粘土
Handy in all sorts of ways. : Translation Here
Iron Bar : Translation Here
Like wire, but thicker. Much thicker. And made from iron. Okay, so not much like wire. : Translation Here
Iron : Translation Here
Definitely one of the more useful objects I have found. : Translation Here
Ferrite : Translation Here
Stone with iron in it. Heavy, man. : Translation Here
Chicken Food : Translation Here
Pretty self-explanatory. : Translation Here
Rat Food : Translation Here
Fatten up a rat who'll fatten up me. : Translation Here
Salt Stone : Translation Here
Might look like sugar, but never ice a cake with it. Live and learn. : Translation Here
Sharpening Stone : 磨刀石
Works wonders on broken tools at the workbench. : Translation Here
Bag of Salt : Translation Here
A bag containing salt. Otherwise it would be called something else. : Translation Here
Cloth Bag : Translation Here
Pretty much what it says. Good for holding animal feed. : Translation Here
Salt : Translation Here
For salting things. : Translation Here
Clay Soil : Translation Here
Dig it up. Or don't. Your funeral. : Translation Here
Ore Extractor : Translation Here
Good for extracting ore from certain stones. Note: also extracts fingers from hands. : Translation Here
Ore Extractor Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the DIY section of the workbench. : Translation Here
Water Jug : Translation Here
Holds up to 500 units of water. Great for cooking. : Translation Here
Pliers : Translation Here
Use to dismantle things. Like your wife's arguments. Or her dreams. : Translation Here
Machete : Translation Here
Great for hacking stuff to pieces. : Translation Here
Honey... : Translation Here
I wonder what this is all about? : Translation Here
Cotton : Translation Here
White and fluffy. Like life. Ha! Oh Léon, you're so funny. : Translation Here
Canned Ravioli : Translation Here
Not the one with the chef on it, darn it. I always liked him. : Translation Here
Pork and Beans : Translation Here
Beans and meat. What's not to love? : Translation Here
Sauerkraut : Translation Here
Like pork and beans. Without the beans. And with cabbage. Who's idea was this? : Translation Here
Backpack : 背包
Just like Dora's, except hers was purple. She was always a little uppity about that. : Translation Here
Scissors : Translation Here
For shaving a head. Or, well, anywhere else, I suppose. : Translation Here
Razor : Translation Here
For transforming men's faces into baby faces. Everyone loves baby faces. : Translation Here
Cotton Seed : Translation Here
Super useful if clothing is important to you. : Translation Here
I am sick and tired of paying the mechanic! : Translation Here
What could this letter be about, I wonder? : Translation Here
Firefly Headlamp : Translation Here
Perfect for all those dark and dingy places. Batteries not included. Also not needed. : Translation Here
Wild Salad Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Where is Grandpa's seed? : Translation Here
What do we have here? : Translation Here
Flower Tree Seed Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Expresso Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Medicine Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Detoxinator 1000 Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Revivelizer Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Bee : Translation Here
Do not eat them alive. Bee-stung lips aren't helpful when you're the last man on earth. : Translation Here
Firefly : Translation Here
Tiny little flying lights. Like faries. Or stars. Or hope. Sigh. : Translation Here
Worm : Translation Here
Like Grandma always said, when life gives you worms, make wormaid. I never did like her... : Translation Here
Bee Kabob : Translation Here
Sweet! Tastes like honey! : Translation Here
Worm Kabob : Translation Here
Yep, still disgusting, but no longer deadly. : Translation Here
Jar Cupboard : Translation Here
For storing jars. Or not. You do you. : Translation Here
Firefly Street Light : Translation Here
Very illuminating. Only works outdoors. : Translation Here
Firefly Street Light Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the Tools section of the workbench. : Translation Here
Vegetarian Stew Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Pig : Translation Here
A beautiful pink pig! I'll need two if I want to get more. : Translation Here
Uncooked Ham : Translation Here
You could eat it raw, but mother wouldn't approve. : Translation Here
Cooked Ham : Translation Here
A little bread, a little butter, and voilá! Super sandwich! : Translation Here
Dead Pig : Translation Here
It's a bit sad, yes, but also much easier to cook this way. : Translation Here
Pigus slimus : Translation Here
What even is this thing?!? As long as it's edible, I guess I shouldn't complain. It's also handy that you don't need two for them to reproduce. : Translation Here
Pigus slimus egg : Translation Here
Not chewing gum! I will not make that mistake twice. If I leave it in the sun for a bit it will hatch. : Translation Here
Dead Pigus slimus : Translation Here
Just as ugly dead as it was alive. Shame. : Translation Here
Butchered Pigus slimus : Translation Here
Infinitely better cooked. Unless you like gelatin, and I don't mean the jello kind. : Translation Here
Pigus slimus steak : Translation Here
A few french fries and I'd be in business. I can see it now : Translation Here
Cooked Pigus slimus egg : Translation Here
Not as good as a chicken egg, but much better than starvation. : Translation Here
Pig Trap : Translation Here
Your one-stop pig-catching shop. : Translation Here
Pigus slimus recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Instructions for the Ore Extractor : Translation Here
Hmm. What do we have here? : Translation Here
Dead Pigus slimus recipe : Translation Here
Add to the butcher table next to the fireplace. : Translation Here
Butchered Pigus slimus recipe : Translation Here
Add to the butcher table next to the fireplace. : Translation Here
Pigus slimus steak recipe : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Cooked Pigus slimus egg recipe : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Pig Feed : Translation Here
Pigs love it. They live for it, in fact, and failure to provide it results in sudden, totally predictable loss of pig life. : Translation Here
Mutant Food : Translation Here
GMO food for GMO animals. : Translation Here
Stone Fence : Translation Here
A nice, sturdy stone fence for keeping pets. For food. But not pet food. : Translation Here
Ratus galinae : Translation Here
This is what you get if you mix a chicken with a rat. Won't win any beauty contests, but tastes halfway decent. Reproduces asexually, which is the only kind of reproducing I'm going to be doing if there aren't any women left. : Translation Here
Ratus galinae egg : Translation Here
Eat it or let it hatch, your choice. Like choosing between plague or cholera--neither is great but one is a lot worse. : Translation Here
Butchered Ratus galinae : Translation Here
Hopefully it will smell better when it's cooked. : Translation Here
Ratus galinae stew : Translation Here
Nope, still stinks. : Translation Here
Cooked Ratus galinae egg : Translation Here
Rotten egg, mutant egg--not much difference, to be honest. : Translation Here
Dead Ratus galinae : Translation Here
That's an affirmative. Alive or dead they smell exactly the same. : Translation Here
Ratus galinae recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Butchered Ratus galinae recipe : Translation Here
Add to the butcher table next to the fireplace. : Translation Here
Recipe for One Dead Ratus Galinae : Translation Here
Add to the butcher table next to the fireplace. : Translation Here
Cooked Ratus Galinae Egg Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Recipe for Ratus Galinae Stew : Translation Here
Add to the cooking pot. : Translation Here
Chemical Blessing Recipe : Translation Here
Add to the lab. : Translation Here
Rocking Chair : Translation Here
For killing time and your dignity. : Translation Here
Lizard Leather : Translation Here
Only a hundred more and it's lizard pants for Léon! : Translation Here
Lizard Kabob : Translation Here
Mmm! Tastes like chicken! : Translation Here
Butchered Lizard : Translation Here
No skin, no guts, just raw, tasty-looking lizard flesh. : Translation Here
Dead Beetle : Translation Here
Don't try to juice it! : Translation Here
Beetle Kabob : Translation Here
Cruchy, crispy, kind of creepy. : Translation Here
XXL Backpack : 大号背包
Better than a 4.11 backpack : Translation Here
Trash Incinerator : Translation Here
Anything you'll never, ever want to see again, toss in here. No, mother-in-laws don't fit. : Translation Here
Concrete Slab : 混凝土板
For making pretty little paths or stopping the spread of toxic fungus, take your pick. : 如果你喜欢羊肠小径，或者想要阻隔有毒真菌，它是个不错的选择。
Coffee Seeds : Translation Here
This one's for planting, not for roasting. : Translation Here
Bric-a-brac : Translation Here
If you have lost an object, it may be in it. : Translation Here
Toolbox : Translation Here
A box for storing what you guessed. : Translation Here
Herbarium : Translation Here
The herbarium is used for storing your legal herbs and plants. : Translation Here
Meat safe : Translation Here
Your stomach's favorite furniture item. : Translation Here
Seed shelf : Translation Here
Allows you to store your precious seeds. : Translation Here
Onion : Translation Here
It's not just onions that make you cry, know that you're alone on earth too. : Translation Here
Pumpkin : Translation Here
I just need to find a disguise and I can do Halloween. : Translation Here
Onion seed : Translation Here
Allows you to grow onions. : Translation Here
Pumpkin seed : Translation Here
Allows you to grow pumpkins. : Translation Here
Lizard leather flask : Translation Here
A beautiful lizard leather flask that allows you to store more water than a normal gourd. : Translation Here
Kitchen fountain : Translation Here
A huge water container that is mainly used for the kitchen. : Translation Here
Onion soup : Translation Here
Vegetable liquid for food use. : Translation Here
Pumpkin soup : Translation Here
Vegetable liquid for food use. : Translation Here
Metal water collector : Translation Here
A water collector that can store and collect more water than a wooden one. : Translation Here
Medicine cabinet : Translation Here
Useful for storing and organizing your remedies : Translation Here
Enhanced kitchen : Translation Here
It allows you to use several items as fuel. : Translation Here
Sandbag : Translation Here
Hmm...if I had an ocean’s worth of water I could make a beach! : Translation Here
Salt : Translation Here
The yin to pepper’s yang. Great for preserving food. : Translation Here
Sandy Soil : Translation Here
Not hard to find in this godforsaken place... : Translation Here
Boiled Ham : Translation Here
For preserving food--vital under the circumstances. : Translation Here
Jar 'O Chicken : Translation Here
For preserving food--vital under the circumstances. : Translation Here
Rat in a Jar : Translation Here
For preserving food--vital under the circumstances. : Translation Here
Jar : Translation Here
Use for preserving food. : Translation Here
Bean Flour : Translation Here
Used in bean patties. Will not decay. : Translation Here
Corn Flour : Translation Here
Used in bread. Does not decay. : Translation Here
Cornbread : Translation Here
More nutritious than wheat bread. (Note: Keep out of reach of rats.) : Translation Here
Bean Patties : Translation Here
One bite will fill you up! : Translation Here
Tomato Preserves : Translation Here
Red as cherries, but still tomatoes... : Translation Here
Turnip à la Léon : Translation Here
Exactly like a carrot except for the color and the shape. : Translation Here
Fruit : 果实
Cloth : 布料
Consumable : 消耗品
Furniture : 设施
Seed : 种子
Resource : 资源
Waste : 废品
Fillable : 填充
Fuel : 燃料
Don't get carried away, Léon. If you think you can fix up this pile of scrap to play the fool on a beach somewhere you're going to end up with tetanus, not with all the ladies. : Translation Here
Life hangs by a thread, eh? I'll just help myself to these jeans, and that knife...what? It's not like he's going to be needing them anymore. : Translation Here
The space capsul might be trashed, but the cargo box is intact. I wonder if UASA will deduct the cost of the crash from my pay...ha! I'd like to see them try. I'd like to see them period, to be honest, but that isn't likely, now is it? : Translation Here
Interesting. There's still a little green on this tree, but all the others are dead. Looks like finding water is going to be a major problem. : Translation Here
Once this fills with water I'll be able to see my shiny bald head again. Of course, my hair will grow back quickly if the hormonal disorder I had before departure...*cough*....um, forget I said that... : Translation Here
Failure to sleep right now will be catastrophic to the success of my long-term plan, namely, not dying. : Translation Here
Dang it. I'm going to need an empty bottle or something. : Translation Here
You must be joking--a speed limit sign? Better not tell anyone I came in at mach 3. Still, guess I'd better read it. : Translation Here
Right tool, wrong place. : Translation Here
My stomach must think I don't have teeth anymore. : Translation Here
My stomach must think I don't have teeth anymore. : Translation Here
Hmm...what do we have to snack on around here? There's always my shoes, I guess. But seriously. I need to eat if you want to keep playing. : Translation Here
I'm fading fast. I need food. Like, five minutes ago. : Translation Here
I can't believe I'm still alive! Hang on a minute. This doesn't look much like the Earth I remember...is it possible the AI made a mistake? Eh, it could be worse--at least it's warm. : Translation Here
I need water... : 水，我需要喝水……
If I don't drink something, I'm going to die. It doesn't get much more clear cut than that. : Translation Here
I've still got it! This is a fantastic cup of coffee. Where are you now, Frank, with your gourmet coffee blends? What's that? Dead for 300 years? Jokes on you, Frank. Jokes on you. : Translation Here
The bubbles are poisoning me--I need to drink Thyme Tea. : Translation Here
It's past time for Thyme Tea--the higher my toxicity, the more I'll need to eat and drink. : Translation Here
I can't keep up with my hunger and thirst! I need Thyme Tea! : Translation Here
The toxins are making it hard to keep up with my hunger and thirst--I'm going to die if I don't act quickly! : Translation Here
Maybe by selecting the plants that I cut, I will increase the presence of others. : Translation Here

                  Welcome Stranger! I've written my last will and testament on the wall beyond the fence. Now that I can't donate my body to science, feel free to throw what's left of me in a composter. I've always prided myself on being useful and would hate to fall short now.
                 : Translation Here
Using strength that would better serve me staying alive, I prefer to leave like a wise Moïse, sharing what little wisdom I have with whatever poor schmuck stumbles upon my rotting corpse. If you are reading this, you must be an angel fallen from the sky, as there is no one left alive down here but me. We have destroyed this world, poisoning even the bright blue sky above with our passion for destruction, our aptitude for exploitation. Whoever you are, I owe you this, at least, that you might survive a day or two longer in this dessicated world we have made. : Translation Here
It would seem Mother Nature has had enough of our meddling, our desperate attempts to correct our past mistakes. Without consciousness, without hate, without premeditation, she has been a witch in her way, more effective in one act than all our petty projects put together. This fungus, this blight, has birthed another species that now infects and poisons man as surely as we infected and poisoned the earth. Heed me: boil your water, eat nothing uncooked, and perhaps, perhaps, you stand a chance. We thought we were giants, ruling a planet made for us alone; Mother Nature has pulled back the curtain on our sham, revealing our foolish arrogance for what it truly was. You are but a speck among the dust. Watch closely for the broom.
 : Translation Here
<= Steelwork : Translation Here
Beware the fungus, and walk not upon it for it will kill you without pause. Planting trees makes it recede, but I'm too tired for all that now. If you have more strength, go, explore. I met an old man once who played the scientist with mutagens and feasted upon strange insects of his own creation. I prefer my rats and chickens, but perhaps the oddities will suit you. Seek him out, if you dare. Mayhaps his machinations have turned him into a monster, so beware, lest he eat you as well. Here find your inheritance, poor soul, the legacy of all mankind. Ciao, I have a collar waiting and it's impatience cannot be denied. : Translation Here
Day : 天
Hour : 小时
Inventory : 背包
Equip : 装备
Unequip : 卸掉
Consume : 使用
Learn : 学习
Read : 阅读
Drink : 喝掉
Contaminated : 已被污染
Boil : 煮沸
Fabrication Time : 制造耗时
Time : 时间
Continue : 继续
New Game : 新游戏
Exit : 结束
Shave : 刮胡子
Drop : 移除
Save finished : 存档成功
Skip : 跳过
Save : 保存游戏
Help : 快速指南
Close help : 我了解啦
Saving... : 保存中
Yes : 了解
No : 拒绝
Recipe Added! : Translation Here
Place water here : Translation Here
Credit : 致谢
Main menu : 主菜单
Monday : 周一
Tuesday : 周二
Wednesday : 周三
Thursday : 周四
Friday : 周五
Saturday : 周六
Sunday : 周日
Load : 载入存档
leftover : 剩余
Repair : 修理
Recharging : Translation Here
Fuel : 燃料
Will decay in : Translation Here
days : Translation Here
Decayed : Translation Here
Honey, if you're looking for me, I'm repairing the roof in the kitchen. : Translation Here
When you're drunk, please don't try to park around back again! : Translation Here
I can't find the precious seed Grandpa hid so well. I hope I didn't bury it with him... PS: Don't lock the toilet door, 'cause it's broken. : Translation Here
Instructions for Use: Place a chunk of rock containing ore in the machine, then wait for it to extract the ore. Examples: Ferrite => Iron
	  			Clay Soil => Clay : Translation Here
Maybe I've found a superhero hideout, haha... : Translation Here
As if these flowers have ever grown on the tombs of his forebears… hum hum. : Translation Here
I should bring this machine back to the house! : Translation Here
Ugh. This stinky purple ooze must be poisonous. I need to get rid of it before I can explore the rest of the area. I wonder if planting trees near the edges will help? : Translation Here
Corn! I should make a Seed Sorter so I can use this to start a garden. I won't make it long with what's left from the space capsule and what little supplies I've found around here. : Translation Here
What idiot would put a water collector inside the house?!? Since I can't move it I'll have to build my own and hope it rains again someday. : Translation Here
Wow! This is the perfect home for all of us! I'm sure it's not remotely dangerous. Previously on Drying Dead... : Translation Here
The local fauna must be rich in protein here when you imagine what they eat! Hehe! : Translation Here
The necromancer is out of service, he must have joined his customers! Haha! : Translation Here
I told you I was a boyscout! : Translation Here
I don't think it would be much fun exploring this underground maze without a light. I wouldn't be able to read the compass...that I don't have... : Translation Here
This looks like the home of a mad man...reminds me of my old house, actually. : Translation Here
Ah! Sand! : Translation Here
Woodstore. Add logs here to fuel the cooking fire. : Translation Here
If I can find some recipes, I can do chemistry here! : Translation Here
This little pot with work for now. I'll build a better way to cook when I have more time. And at least I don't need to boil the water just to use it in recipes--all the toxins will be removed during the cooking process. : Translation Here
Butcher Table. Perfect for chopping up animals before cooking them! : Translation Here
I'd better start by making a water collector...I just hope it still rains on this planet. : Translation Here
Look! Thyme was growing around this dead tree. I must plant trees quickly to get the plants I'll need to survive! : Translation Here
Are you sure? It will overwrite your save! : Translation Here
Go to sleep? : Translation Here
How long would you like to do nothing? : Translation Here
Are you sure you want to return to the main menu? Any unsaved progress will be lost. : Translation Here
Heart Beats per Minute. If it reaches zero, Léon dies. : Translation Here
Thirst. When it reaches zero Léon's BPM will start going down. : Translation Here
Hunger. When it reaches zero Léon's BPM will start going down. : Translation Here
Toxicity. The higher it is the faster Léon's hunger and thirst will go down. : Translation Here
Energy. When it reaches zero Léon's BPM will start going down. : Translation Here
Move Léon. : Translation Here
The amount of healthy vegetation in the world. : Translation Here
Interact with the closest object. : Translation Here
Use the equipped object on the closest object. : Translation Here
Open Inventory : Translation Here
Quick Access Bar. Drag and drop items here to use them without opening your inventory. : Translation Here
Forgotten by his compatriots, he spent a long, dreamless, cryogenic night traveling the silent depths of deepest space. After a journey of 300 years, the ship's AI awakens him, having finally returned him to his native Earth.

Since he has been gone, however, Earth has been ravaged by a toxic fungal infestation that has left nothing behind save the ragged wreckage of mankind. Thanks Rosanto!

But he is, afterall, an earthling, and he is home. He will survive...or not. Armed only with a protocal brief from UASA (pronounced "WAZA") and the little he learned as a boyscout in the '80s, he must adapt quickly or he will surely succomb to the toxic slime poisoning the planet. : Translation Here
Volume : 音量
Resolution : 分辨率
Screen Mode : 显示模式
Fullscreen : 全屏
Fullscreen Window : 全屏窗口
Maximized Window : 最大化窗口
Windowed : 窗口化
Controls : 按键
Move Up : 向上
Move Left : 向左
Move Down : 向下
Move Right : 向右
Interact : 互动
Use equipped object : 使用装备的物品
Open inventory : 打开背包
Access options : 显示游戏选项
Quick access 01 : 快捷栏 1
Quick access 02 : 快捷栏 2
Quick access 03 : 快捷栏 3
Quick access 04 : 快捷栏 4
Quick access 05 : 快捷栏 5
Settings : 设置
Zoom +/- : 视野切换
